We all make mistakes. We shouldn't be punished for them.
Just tables. And dealing with Eddie Munster.
I hadn't been on a date in ten years. TK Jewelers sold me a watch that exploded every which way.
Oh, my God! Barry just palmed the dip. He's trying to steal spinach dip, Barry is!
I've seen every cock on the planet. I've seen everyone naked.
Yeah, that'd be great. I'm so hot.
Yeah, you will check it out now because you follow me. Thanks for the follow, fan.
Don't let it break off in there. There's no way to suck it out.
Don't do the voice.
Dracula!
Hey, look at that. We got the same shirt on. Shirt brothers.
Oh, my God, he admit it!
Let me take a video of you saying you're going to kill the president.
And don't forget to come by Dan Flashes, high-end menswear with distinct patterns at prices that are going up, up, and away.
Explain to me why it's funny. Is it 'cause she's alone?
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! They're trying to make it look fake!
I wish I never told you about calicocutpants.com. But your wife's rich, so I'm going to bleed you dry. Now that I have the video of you hitting me in the cup.
No, they're just, like, nothing. Like, they're not even supposed to be around in the area. Bottom line is, no one's gonna get in trouble, nobody should feel sad at all.
I'm through, Robbie. I played "Mountain River Rock" for my whole family and they laughed at me.
Go to hell, George. You fucking pig!
Is it easy to find a horse with a short peanut like this? No, it's damn near impossible.
Fenton's Stables and Horse Ranch where the horses are hung like you.
I can't see shit out the sides of my eye! I'm ripping the fucking head off.
I don't know what is going on, but somewhere our wires got crossed. You're saying we're allowed to swear. I'm saying "big, fat load of cum" and "horse cock" and you're getting mad.
Oh, it stinks.
I can finally fight my wife's new husband, Danny Crouse.
The big deck at Aqua collapsed.
Hey everybody, look, the dog's blowing me.
Slapping down some pig shit with these fat fucks, and I'm the fattest of them all. If I died tomorrow, no one would shed a tear. Load my fricking lard carcass into the mud. No coffin, please, just wet, wet mud... bae.
Quit running, damn it! Are you dumb?
Linda, are you still dating that bad guy?
Poppers! Yo!
He's skipping all of his meals and using the money we gave him for food to buy those dumb shirts.
Johnny, go around! Go to other people. Don't just go to them. Move! Go, move! Go around. Oh, my God! I'm sorry. I gotta push him around the party, make sure everybody gets to see him.
Don't bring me a bad deal, or I'll... (goblin noises)
It's not exactly in my Q zone, is it?
Yeah, right? A little goes a long way. A little goes a long way. All you gotta do is try.
Hey, Chief. Don't save any cages. They ain't gonna be in jail.
I said Way Future, Scrooge!
And now you don't need to. Here at Fenton's Stables and Horse Ranch, we guarantee our horses have a smaller penis than a human man.
Yeah, it actually does kill. It's quite heavy, Craig. You don't know.
If I were a farmer, and Eddie Munster came in and started kicking my corn, you could understand how I could be a bit upset. Do you understand the tables are my corn?
But I'm never gonna say my lines faster than Jamie Taco!
I actually want to go to Haunted House more than Aqua.
Aww!
Damn you, Skeletrex!
My next-door neighbor had put a Richard Nixon mask on a pig and had it go through my doggy door 'cause we've been arguing over a property line.
I'm no jabroni. My uncle is going to shoot your head off.
The horse you're on has a huge penis.
They don't go bad or stink or nothing. For $200, I could probably get a thousand plastic meatballs.
And Santa and all his elves must have worked so hard on it, and then they gave it to us early.
All right, this guy ran with Thaddeus Finks. He was one of the Eight Balls in Mookie Kramer and the Eight Balls.
That's a nice motorcycle.
Oh yeah. I know. It's just been a really good time, and I'm going to do the shirts.
He's got triples of the Barracuda. Triples of the Road Runner. Triples of a Nova.
No, I don't know how to fucking drive. I don't know what any of this shit is, and I'm fucking scared.
This guy's about to jack off.
Yeah. Yeah, thank you for asking about the shirt and thinking it's cool, TC Tuggers.
A fun shirt. That we design. That says, "HR, Class of 2023." And underneath, it says, "Back away, banana breath."
Stop moving around!
I'm good. Thank you. You don't wanna help me. Just wanna yell.
I can't!
Bozo did the dub. He's doing the dub. Bozo is, not a guy.
It's a steak with water dumped on it. It's really, really good.
Oh, that naughty old elf must be one mean bastard to give us this so early.
Don't talk! The mouth on the thing doesn't move! It looks fake!
Oh my God! I drank fucking dog shit! Who put dog shit in a cup?! Who did it?!
You guys would be clugging a few cans too, if you had my wife.
Her sister's addicted to drugs. Okay? Does that sound boring to you?
Gulping down some pig dicks with these bags of meat. Sunday funday with these pig dicks. Hope nobody gulps us.
Oh, fuck, a clownputer? Fuck that. Probably got no games. I hope nobody goes home and fucks my mom.
What the fuck are you doing?
We could do it at my house. It's the most comfortable, it can fit everyone. It's the perfect trap. Plus, it's already like a party house, so he'll want to go there.
They're fucking coming after me in the comments! The woman that played Frankenstein's chick is saying that I paid her in fast food. They're saying I paid her in a Santa Fe chicken sandwich.
When I get home, there's something I'm worried about about my life.
You sure it wasn't 'cause after the thing that happened to me, no one could look at me without dying laughing?
Showtime.Oh, old Bart Dogfuck Had a dong a mile long. Had a dong a mile long, had he. He tried to suck it on a tuffet Ahh! What the hell did he do? Hell. Fucking hell. I don't remember the words.
